Add documentation of minimum release age in our Renovate config (#591)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/contributing/dependencies/index.md

  the workload.
- Manages updates with semantic versioning and lock file updates. Rebases are disabled.
- Allows an unlimited number of pull requests to be created.
- Delays creation of pull requests until at least seven days after the dependency version release,

>   to ensure any post-release security issues are addressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to ensure stability of said release from bugs and / or security issues.
```

🎨 I think we should be a bit less direct that this is about security, because we see it as a general stability measure. Feel free to revise further.
